Hello everyone, so the situation is in the car
some rattle
what's there low-lying work and starts
burn more slowly and more here
so now i'm like my car
tell you what could be the reasons so 1
look good is it stable on
may just take nature for something
adjacent grating for example showers
the stone is there are 2 no there
problems bearing here what to see there
just from the drum drum drum and this is a step
or while these are different things you don’t want
remove the top cover or back cover
nothing complicated there are two cogs behind
fillet back cover show how to remove
we press the tank itself
buck-tick for example arm or back
press to feel and try
to shake
we will suddenly turn you
if there is a chat independently and wine and two
glasses for example hold and vice versa
like by itself
it means you have to climb the bearings or
flanges there is a big cartoon drum analysis
disassembly looks the drum actually like
me with you expensive repair
but very often everyones rattle and caused
the fact that it is located before the browning of the body
what it is
can often be different under these
cups for women
metal era flyers liza
holes, respectively, small
get exactly where not usually or not
here for gum
between the rubber on the metal I'm not
I will turn over I already took it off
which is clamped take out view
Is there a subject in it and we look
pages- drums and some object there
which might get stuck and
catch for nothing by the way there is such a ball
if you find do not get scared from the island
with sculpted organisms he must
blocks the output when the pump is not
working it shouldn't be looked
let's say there is nothing
when the next moment where very often
seduce foreign objects grandfather he could
they can get stuck very easily and exactly
not low so here's the back cover
washing machines in some models
the front cover is removed it just
several screws and saw this
lid with you nothing complicated there
in this case, even will not show
and so here there is a nest this already
change of the tenten
by the way in good condition by the way so that
he was not covered by bloom
calgon and in life I do not use time
half a year 100 grams a pack of citric acid
dissolve only transfer it to score in
versions for washing powder and
60 degrees are not necessary
exceptions and everything dissolves it does not
changed here even once he usually here
inserted state like this even deeper
gum here is a nest
here they are separately usually
removed immediately but I to show you
took out the temperature sensor she's exactly
here it’s just generally included but
sometimes if it stops warming it changes
this sensor itself that there might be
the worker attached two wiring and in
the outlet on very briefly pulled out
tried to warm and the machine does not warm
it can break this sensor here
relevant contacts are shooting
if they are all the same here
for example you can see the ground here this
plus and minus roles didn't play like you didn't
put a separate contact on the sensor but
if you mean they mean so
remember where you can stick
fasten yourself the ideal was to photograph
before them night and it all took off
and a screwdriver for a little bit yes
nut loosened and screwdriver
just a little bit just take out
pliers on a bit pulled out
drawn out they drop in there already
inside of us the topic I would take off warned
one more thing what could be there
This is such a figurative delay.
procrastination so here it is there
inside the inside of this passes to there
not bullied but it just fixes not
scare it don't build often you can
take out some piece of iron from there
some noise in the guests can even
come across from friends here
anything happens and very often these are these
bets from bras are taken out
all is inserted back back all
joins properly clamped and
works further in this case
the reason was different
Now I will show you some cases
the reason was no other
no foreign objects were found
shoto bearings i do n't feel separate
Drum here if you look very
the hotel goes very tightly
walking zombak means what
cause
need to look not removed or position
maybe somewhere caught stuck
the weapons in my spring are in place only
exhausted and the bottom there are two canada two
such shock absorbers such as
trunk relations open
shock absorbers are far more powerful
In general, the first models of the old relay are visible
as we are very thin kamenyuka ran
on 3 gravestone
accordingly she could not fail
somehow then appropriately
reduce shine size because it
there were heavy cars that are yours
or moved made a small stone on
spring
But if these shock absorbers already know
It turns out a shot and when it turns for
sofa
during these various shatov clings to
the back door of the underlying claim lies
because the couple remember the bottom looked
neat neat through hole
the shade there is very visible if
flashlight shone what no scratches
so here's another one maybe
if he is such a strong step of the park itself
while they are separate drum means this what
most likely to change the flavor
or if the questions are not the same
this situation is the main reasons for you
told after you of course below him
wash but as you can see from the complicated here
also not the biggest there was a
and if you go to the repair of houses Ukraine
what is now huge and by
the discretion of the master that you will know
tastes we get everything for now